README.md, before:

[![Modrinth](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/available/modrinth_64h.png)](https://modrinth.com/user/triphora)

Greetings! I'm Emma Alexia Triphora, also known online as `triphora`, and formerly `wafflecoffee` and `Emmaffle`. Generally speaking, I tend to cause problems, despite being well-intentioned (most of the time).

You might know me as the Growth Manager over at [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com), where I've held [various roles](TIMELINE.md) over the past few years. In the past, I've also volunteered in various other communities, such as [QuiltMC](https://quiltmc.org) and [Prism Launcher](https://prismlauncher.org).

Minecraft modding is what most of my free time tends to be devoted to. If you've ever played a modded Minecraft instance on 1.19 or above, whether it be Forge, Fabric, or Quilt, you've run a bit of code written by me.

[![Last.fm Recently Played](https://lastfm-recently-played.vercel.app/api?user=triphora)](https://last.fm/user/triphora)

### Random anecdotes

- I tend to prefer the [Zlib license](https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html).
- Minecraft modding is how I learned Java :coffee:, Rust :crab:, and Groovy :star:.
- Μιλάω ελληνικά, αλλά αγγλικά είναι η μητρική μου γλώσσα.

### Java/Groovy code preferences

- I used to use 2-space indentation, but now I use tabs. [Learn why.](https://twitter.com/Rich_Harris/status/1541761871585464323)
- One-line `if`, `for`, and `while` statements when feasible
- Annotations go on the same line for parameters and fields
- :star:: Declosureify and deparenthesize all the things!

### Devices

[![Laptop - System76 Gazelle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gazelle-FAAA19?logo=system76&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=black)](https://tech-docs.system76.com/models/gaze17/README.html) [![OS - EndeavourOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/EndeavourOS-blueviolet?logo=archlinux&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white)](https://endeavouros.com) [![DE - KDE Plasma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plasma-1D99F3?logo=kde&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white)](https://kde.org/plasma-desktop) ![CPU - Intel Core i7-12700H](https://img.shields.io/badge/i7--12700H-0071C5?logo=intel&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white) ![GPU - nVIDIA RTX 3050](https://img.shields.io/badge/RTX_3050-76B900?logo=nvidia&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white)

![Mobile - Google Pixel 7](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pixel_7-EA4335?logo=google&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white)

Commit message:

This repo isn't used for my website anymore

README.md, after:

Greetings! I'm [**Emma Alexia Triphora**](https://lexi.bike/about), a mildly queer humanoid born and raised in the great state of [Delaware](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Delaware). A pretentious description of myself involves the designations of "polymath", "wordsmith", and "philhellene"; a less pretentious description involves "nitpicker", "stoic", and "oversleeper".

If you know me, it's probably from my work at [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com), where I've held various roles since April 2021. Currently, I hold the position of Growth Manager, which involves maintaining a plethora of varied activities, including but not limited to moderation, marketing, community management, and documentation.

When it comes to the non-digital world, I am a student and an avid anti-car advocate. The [local bus system](https://dartfirststate.com) gets me just about everywhere I need to go.

Minecraft modding is what most of my free time tends to be devoted to. If you've ever played a modded Minecraft instance on 1.19 or above, whether it be Forge, Fabric, or Quilt, you've run a bit of code written by me.

Check out [my website](https://lexi.bike/about) for more information about me.

[![Laptop - System76 Gazelle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gazelle-FAAA19?logo=system76&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=black)](https://tech-docs.system76.com/models/gaze17/README.html) [![OS - EndeavourOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/EndeavourOS-blueviolet?logo=archlinux&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white)](https://endeavouros.com) [![DE - KDE Plasma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plasma-1D99F3?logo=kde&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white)](https://kde.org/plasma-desktop) ![CPU - Intel Core i7-12700H](https://img.shields.io/badge/i7--12700H-0071C5?logo=intel&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white) ![GPU - nVIDIA RTX 3050](https://img.shields.io/badge/RTX_3050-76B900?logo=nvidia&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white)

![Mobile - Google Pixel 7](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pixel_7-EA4335?logo=google&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white)
